make ServiceProviderExtensions internal (#1931)
graphql-dotnet/graphql-dotnet: docs2/site/docs/guides/migration4.md

## Breaking Changes

* `NameConverter` and `SchemaFilter` have been removed from `ExecutionOptions` and are now properties on the `Schema`.

> * `GraphQL.Utilities.ServiceProviderExtensions` has been made internal. This effects usages of it's extensions method `GetRequiredService`. Instead reference the `Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions` NuGet and use `Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.ServiceProviderServiceExtensions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `GraphQL.Utilities.ServiceProviderExtensions` has been made internal. This affects usages of it's extension method `GetRequiredService`. Instead reference the `Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions` NuGet package and use extension method from `Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.ServiceProviderServiceExtensions` class.
```
